yes there's dopes the beach each let's
go get away hey what's up YouTube it's
me the tech with you with a a new video
a new channel hope you guys will like
this video it's about Windows 7 dark
it's like a new update with the windows
it's not like with ultimate but you can
change a lot of effects with your the
windows like you can change your window
star when you really blew up your
computer is pretty cool I never did it
yet but I want you guys to try it out
for me and see how you like it as I
heard it's really good but let's start
the process okay it will be in the
download description and download all
right you wouldn't get it
it should look like something like dark
and really I'm all you get another
linking me to download I give this it's
gonna be called power I so when it
should come up like a golden thing you
get a power iso and you mount it to your
drive first when you get this you go to
power iso and we'll say able drivers
able driver and my mind is dr f image
put it there go to our computer
we'll go to our f drive it and set the
windows up and really you don't need
anything out of here you should be good
to go looks really good
this is pretty sick look I'll show you
it was pretty sick if you look at this
like you got black windows there's some
windows but you know it's cool it's cool
but if you guys like this tell me like
my comments and give me a subscribe man